⚡ Add uv installation instructions (#2601)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/installation.mdx

You can install TRL either from pypi or from source:

## pypi

> Install the library with pip or [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) (refer to [Installation](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) for installation instructions), a fast Rust-based Python package and project manager.
> 
> <hfoptions id="install">
> <hfoption id="uv">
> 
> ```bash
> uv pip install trl
> ```
> 
> </hfoption>
> <hfoption id="pip">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the library with pip or [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/):

<hfoptions id="install">
<hfoption id="uv">

uv is a fast Rust-based Python package and project manager. Refer to [Installation](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) for installation instructions), .

```bash
uv pip install trl
```

</hfoption>
<hfoption id="pip">
```

```bash
pip install trl
```

</hfoption>

> </hfoptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</hfoptions>
```
